reorganize (#111)
kazuho/draft-kazuho-httpbis-priority: draft-kazuho-httpbis-priority.md

sent on that backend connection originates from one client-side connection that
has negotiated the use of the extensible priority scheme (see {{fairness}}).

> # The Priority Parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Priority Parameters
```

The priority information is a sequence of key-value pairs, providing room for
future extensions. Each key-value pair represents a priority parameter.

> The Priority HTTP header field is used to transmit this set of parameters when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Priority HTTP header field is an end-to-end way to transmit this set of parameters when
```

a request or a response is being issued. In order to request reprioritization

> after the requests have been issued, HTTP-version-specific frames are used by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
after a request have been issued, HTTP-version-specific frames are used by
```

> clients to transmit this same information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
clients to transmit the same information on a single hop.
```

Reviewer: Related Q: Do we want to allow the server to send the frame?

priority = u=4, i=?1
~~~

## Defining New Parameters

When attempting to extend priorities, care must be taken to ensure any use of
existing parameters are either unchanged or modified in a way that is backwards
compatible for peers that are unaware of the extended meaning.

# The Priority HTTP Header Field

The Priority HTTP header field can appear in requests and responses. A client
uses it to specify the priority of the response. A server uses it to inform
the client that the priority was overwritten. An intermediary can use the
Priority information from client requests and server responses to correct or
amend the precedence to suit it (see {{merging}}).

> The Priority header field is an end-to-end signal of the request

Reviewer: Should we specifically say that the intermediary should not change the priority and if it wants to apply a different priority on the next hop, it should use a frame?  I feel like we get confused when we start talking about intermediaries modifying the priority header in various ways.
